DIP-49: Women in web3 hub during DevCon7 (#157)
efdevcon/DIPs: DIPs/DIP-49.md

Through this innovative format, the W3 Community Hub not only amplifies the voices of women in tech but also paves the way for greater collaboration, learning, and growth of diversity within the Ethereum community.

## Implementation
In addition to the support provided by the Devcon team, our Hub will require specific production resources to ensure a seamless and enriching experience for our attendees. We plan to source additional equipment to enhance the space, tentatively including comfortable seating for various sessions, floor pillows for more intimate discussions, a projector and screen for presentations, desks for hands-on workshops, whiteboards for interactive sessions, and speakers with ambient music to create a welcoming and empowering atmosphere.

> **Tentative Programme Outline for the W3 Community Hub**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tentative Program Outline for the W3 Community Hub**
```

Project pitching and live feedback session (Female VCs and entrepreneurs) </br>
Career in crypto (or in Sales), where to start (Alice) AMA </br>
Workshop - Tokenizing Social Impact Using blockchain (Saleha - Zegtec and Erin - Change Code) </br>

**Day 4: Mentoring - Networking - Getting to know each other + Sharing opportunities (Grant, funding, fellowship) + Wrap Up** </br>
Romina (DeFi Round Table) </br>
Bhavya Batra (Product management round table) </br>
Lena, Gyan, Bianca (DevRel round table) </br>
Jane (zkLend), Sandy (Scroll) - Entrepreneurship round table </br>
Fun/educational games in between! (Example: ZK Treasure Hunt, web3 scavenger hunt, Quizzes) </br>

**Types of sessions** </br>
Casual Networking Session </br>
Fireside chat or AMA with senior female builders and founders </br>
Training on pitching and pitch sessions for female founders plus live feedbacks </br>
Speed BFF networking </br>
Women’s Wellness Education and Practice session </br>
Sharing about women-focused initiatives in different countries </br>
Matching session for ETHGlobal hackathon </br>
Other opportunities for women builders: learning resources, job opportunities, grant programs etc. </br>

> This preliminary programme layout offers a blend of educational sessions, networking opportunities, interactive discussions, and wellness activities to cater to the diverse interests and needs of our attendees throughout the operating hours of the Community Hub. We aim to create a vibrant and inclusive space where individuals can learn, connect, and be inspired, fostering a sense of community and empowerment within the Web3 ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This preliminary program offers a blend of educational sessions, networking opportunities, interactive discussions, and wellness activities to cater to the diverse interests and needs of our attendees throughout the operating hours of the Community Hub. We aim to create a vibrant and inclusive space where individuals can learn, connect, and be inspired, fostering a sense of community and empowerment within the Web3 ecosystem.
```
